README.md, before:

# ENet Unity Mobile Setup

*Bootstrap setup for a client server architecture*  
[![Unity 2020.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2020.1-green.svg?logo=unity&cacheSeconds=2592000)](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download/archive) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/JohannesDeml/ENetUnityMobile.svg)](../../releases)

## Description

A multiplayer setup with a unity client and a .Net Core server.
The client supports

- [x] Windows
- [x] Android
- [ ] iOS

### Libraries

* [ENet-CSharp 2.4.3](https://github.com/nxrighthere/ENet-CSharp)
* Unity 2020.1.9f1
* .Net Core 3.1

### Building ENet Libraries

#### Android

1. Download NDK (Or search for the version you use inside unity)
2. Add the build folder inside to your path environment variables e.g `C:/Data/SDKs/android-ndk-r19c/build`
3. Clone `git@github.com:nxrighthere/ENet-CSharp.git`
4. Navigate to `ENet-CSharp/Source/Native`
5. Run `ndk-build` in that location.
6. Copy the folders `arm64-v8a`, `armeabi-v7a` and `x86` from the generated libs folder to your unity project to `Assets/Enet/Plugins/Android/`.
7. Set `arm64-v8a` to ARM64, `armeabi-v7a` to ARMv7 and `x86` to x86.

#### iOS

1. Install XCode
2. Clone `git@github.com:nxrighthere/ENet-CSharp.git`
3. Navigate to `ENet-CSharp/Source/Native`
4. Run `sh build-ios.sh`
5. Copy `libenet.a` to your unity project to `Assets/Enet/Plugins/iOS/libenet.a`
6. Set `libenet.a` to iOS only with CPU ARM64

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)

Commit message:

Add small context for build instructions

README.md, after:

# ENet Unity Mobile Setup

*Bootstrap setup for a client server architecture*  
[![Unity 2020.1](https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2020.1-green.svg?logo=unity&cacheSeconds=2592000)](https://unity3d.com/get-unity/download/archive) [![](https://img.shields.io/github/release-date/JohannesDeml/ENetUnityMobile.svg)](../../releases)

## Description

A multiplayer setup with a unity client and a .Net Core server.
The client supports

- [x] Windows
- [x] Android
- [ ] iOS

### Libraries

* [ENet-CSharp 2.4.3](https://github.com/nxrighthere/ENet-CSharp)
* Unity 2020.1.9f1
* .Net Core 3.1

### Building ENet Libraries

The libraries for android and iOS are already built for this repo, you can find them [here](../../ENetClient/Assets/ENet/Plugins/).
If you want to build them yourself (or for a newer ENet version), take a look at the instructions below.

#### Android

1. Download NDK (Or search for the version you use inside unity)
2. Add the build folder inside to your path environment variables e.g `C:/Data/SDKs/android-ndk-r19c/build`
3. Clone `git@github.com:nxrighthere/ENet-CSharp.git`
4. Navigate to `ENet-CSharp/Source/Native`
5. Run `ndk-build` in that location.
6. Copy the folders `arm64-v8a`, `armeabi-v7a` and `x86` from the generated libs folder to your unity project to `Assets/Enet/Plugins/Android/`.
7. Set `arm64-v8a` to ARM64, `armeabi-v7a` to ARMv7 and `x86` to x86.

#### iOS

1. Install XCode
2. Clone `git@github.com:nxrighthere/ENet-CSharp.git`
3. Navigate to `ENet-CSharp/Source/Native`
4. Run `sh build-ios.sh`
5. Copy `libenet.a` to your unity project to `Assets/Enet/Plugins/iOS/libenet.a`
6. Set `libenet.a` to iOS only with CPU ARM64

## License

[MIT](./LICENSE)
